# School_District_Analysis
## Overview of Analysis
The goal of this analysis was to gain experience with data frames and analyze a school district's performance based on testing scores and seeing if there is proof of academic honesty in the 9th grade Thomas High School class. We reran the code and modified the values to see the overall changes in the grades averages and school rankings to see how removing the suspected academic dishonest scores and see how it affects the data. 
## Results
After taking the grades of the 10th - 12th graders into account, the data showed negligible change to the actual preformance of the schools and the following trends were found among the 14 schools:
* When we take the values of the 9th graders out of the overall total percentage for the scores of the district, the change in scores between the original chart and the new chart excluding 9th thomas high school students changed at most 0.3 point for the overall passing rate with the other percentages hardly at all. 
* In the school summary, the same amount of change as the district analysis can be seen in the per school summary data frame, and the change is negligible with only a small decrease in the overall passing percentage in the subjects overall. 
* In both the district summary and the school summary, it did not change the preformance of the top 5 schools placements in the list. Thomas High School still remains the 2nd ranked school in the district and the second ranked charter school in the district as well.
* When broken up by grades, the results in Thomas High School did not show any change in performance in any of the grades nor did it affect the scores when the students grades were catagorized by spending , school size, and student budget for capita.
## Summary
The big change that was noticed with Thomas High School was that the grades shifted down by less than .5 points total for all of the score percentages, and that even with the academic dishonesty amongst Thomas High School's 9th graders, the schools ranking among the other schools did not change and the scores remained insignificant in the schools overall performance. This insignificant change did not affect the other data whatsoever. Other observations made regarding the schools in general is that charter schools had the top ranking spots across both charts, and that the district schools were overall the lower performers despite a higher school budget.  
